
Chat Conversation Start

U1: Hello how are you I was watching a cooking program yesterday and the chef was so professional he was explaining his own famous dish in details and I have been making this for over a year now. My family loves it

U2: ok good if its clear send it please

U1: sure I wrote each details with him wait a sec
Back my darling so here’s the ingredient, 
2 eggs, beaten, 1 cup crushed buttery round cracker crumbs, ½ teaspoon garlic salt, ground black pepper to taste, 4 skinless, boneless chicken breast halves, ½ cup butter, cut into pieces. 
Now read carefully how he make it, Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Place eggs and cracker crumbs in two separate shallow bowls. Mix cracker crumbs with garlic salt and pepper. Dip chicken in the eggs, then dredge in the crumb mixture to coat, Arrange coated chicken in a 9x13 inch baking dish. Place pieces of butter around the chicken, Bake in the preheated oven for 40 minutes, or until chicken is no longer pink and juices run clear.


 U2: thanks and I guess it is good

U1: yes many are recommend it also chick this dish
Ingredient Checklist 1 egg yolk, 6 cloves garlic, chopped, 4 skinless, boneless chicken breast halves, 6 tablespoons butter, 1 cup dry bread crumbs, 1 cup grated Parmesan cheese, 1 tablespoon dried parsley, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, ½ tablespoon salt, 1 tablespoon ground black pepper. So , in a glass dish, beat egg yolk with garlic. Place chicken in egg mixture, and turn to coat. Cover dish and refrigerate for at least 4 hours, or overnight if possible. Then Preheat oven to 400 degrees, Melt butter and pour into the bottom of a 9x13 inch baking dish. Mix together the bread crumbs, Parmesan cheese, parsley, garlic powder, salt and pepper. Dip marinated chicken in crumb mixture. Place coated chicken in baking dish, and pour remaining egg mixture over. Finally Bake in preheated oven for 15 to 20 minutes on each side, or until chicken is no longer pink and juices run clear.


U2: thanks a lot you re the best and I guess everyone now trying to force me to cook
I like food very much but I am lazy to try and cook by my self unfortunately 
Sure I will let you know if I try any of them and by the way I tried to cook light food today and I will send you some pictures it is easy and fast it was a shrimp pasta. 
So bring the following (1 cup butter, 2 tablespoons prepared Dijon-style mustard, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, 2 pounds medium raw shrimp, shelled, deveined, with tails attached) and basically In a small saucepan over medium heat, combine the butter, mustard, lemon juice, garlic, and parsley. When the butter melts completely, remove from heat. Then darling Arrange shrimp in a shallow baking dish. Pour the butter mixture over the shrimp. Then finally Bake in preheated oven for 12 to 15 minutes or until the shrimp are pink and opaque. Try it then let me know about your opinion about it it is a simple start but I did a great job in this food and my husband like it a lot and asked me to cook it again we he invite his friend I am happy for this honestly
Take care and talk to you later bye bye my soul and sleep well and don’t forget to call me tomorrow ok   

Chat Conversation End 
