


Chat Conversation Start

U1: I was checking the hotel you booked in London next week and many people say good thing 

U2: about the Sea Containers London? Tell like what tell me please, wow thanks a lot my friend  I’m now very excited to travel and enjoy my staying in this good reviews hotel. Maybe we can travel all next time and book in another fancy hotel like Shangri-La Hotel, it is really expensive but worth to try to book in and the location is great it is near London Bridge railway and tube station, and a mile from the Tower of London plus Of course the tea & food were top notch, so we all will have fun I believe I’m I right   

U1: sure we will travel and fun together and for your booking hotel for example one said hotel is an absolute gem. Stylish furniture and fittings, cool art pieces, friendly and proactive staff, beautifully luxurious rooms. we were celebrating a special occasion and the hotel staff went out of their way to make it extra special. Amazing Hotel. Really comfortable, clean, super breakfast and really welcoming team, Comfy pillows, big beds and great sound system. And one gave this feedback which was, The hotel lobby was great, with very friendly faces around. They definitely made us feel very very very welcomed at the property. We were upgraded to a suite due to our membership card. Our check in process was smooth. The lobby is very art-sy with a very cool board which changes text within minutes. Super cool and something we hadn’t experienced before. The rooms are good sized. The rooms have a great view overlooking the Thames. The suite was beautiful, simply but stylishly furnished, bathroom + additional toilet, and the bed was SO comfortable. The views up and down the river - and of St Paul's cathedral opposite - were spectacular. We tried room service - I would recommend the Pale Ale and nuts. Breakfast in the restaurant the following morning was also superb. The bathrooms are also good sized with all modern amenities. The shower pressure is the best part of the room! Fantastic. The house keeping is good too, we had zero complaints. The hotel is well located with close proximity to the restaurants overlooking the Thames, however almost a 20 minute cab ride to Oxford Street. It is a great business hotel, however I would recommend to stay at a more central location in case of leisure travellers. The breakfast had a good spread, the omelette and coffee was brilliant. Coffee was something I would definitely go back for! The service at the breakfast was average, with orders taking up to almost 20 minutes even at 6 am. This is a place where hotel needs improvement. The hallways are rather dingy, I feel the lights need to be made brighter. Overall it was a good stay for a business trip. Such a shame we couldn't stay longer. 





Chat Conversation End






